Welcome to the mini story for Day of the Dead.
Did AJ arrive in Guatemala on Christmas?
No, AJ arrived in Guatemala on the Day of the Dead.
Where did AJ arrive?
In Guatemala. AJ arrived in Guatemala.
When did AJ arrive in Guatemala?
AJ arrived in Guatemala on the Day of the Dead, November 1st.
Was AJ curious about the holiday?
Yes, he was curious. AJ was curious about the holiday.
What was he curious about? The holiday! He was curious about the holiday.
So he went to the cemetery to see what was happening.
Where did he go? To the cemetery. He went to the cemetery.
Did he go to the cemetery or did he go to the airport?
He went to the cemetery. He didn't go to the airport.
Why did he go to the cemetery?
To see what was happening. He wanted to see what was happening.
What he found was quite interesting.
Was it boring? No! It wasn't boring, it was interesting.
The atmosphere was like a party.
Was the atmosphere like a funeral?
No, no. The atmosphere was not like a funeral. It was like a party!
There were people everywhere. Families were sitting around the graves...
...of their dead ancestors. They cleaned the graves and added flowers.
AJ admired the colorful flowers and decorations.
In the United States, cemeteries are always somber and quiet.
But here in Guatemala, the cemetery is like a festival!